hey guys I'm doing a little bit of
different video today now about them for
about the past month a lot of you have
been sending me messages to do a room
tour or a desk tour with all my stuff
and I finally felt the need to oblige to
that just because I'm trying to want to
get rid of the messages no offense or
anything but it's just filling up my
inbox so I'm going to go ahead and take
care of that today and I wouldn't have a
little bit of fun with this though I
about a month ago another reviewer who
has great reviews Jordans touch reviews
did a case showcase and tagged a few
people to do the same showing off all
their cases so this is my version of
that where I'm going to be tagging a few
people to show off their recording areas
or desks or din in one of the persons
I'm tagging them taggings case so the
five people I would like to tag first of
all Tom and you're the one I'm referring
to about the den because well I know
that's where you pretty much hideout
next is Brandon b-dawg BZ Jordan's touch
reviews Mike over insanely great Mac and
last let's go with Alex ram 80 727 so I
will tag you guys so hopefully you'll do
this tag a few other people and just for
something we'll have fun a little
different than review so let's go ahead
and get this the room tour going to the
moon not sure how long it will take so
let's get it started ok guys it's to
start off this room can we do a faraway
shot of the desk so you can see pretty
much why I look at when I walk into the
room and then just pan over to the right
side of the room there's not a lot going
on here just the whiteboard with all my
reviews to need to be done you can see
there's cases there's apps or Hardware
there's yes I do have giveaways coming
up me wild skin wild skin.the wild
charge I skin Soho incase neoprene all
that stuff I have no need for it's going
out to wanted because some of you guys
miscellaneous crap people I need to ship
to yes it is coming I have not forgotten
about you we've got returns you know all
that not tech related but Sir Tina watch
it's really nice I really fortunate to
have this my parents were out
vacationing in Europe they stopped in
Switzerland and both
I said I'd like on vacation was a watch
thinking I was going to get some forty
or fifty dollar watch they got me this
where i believe the case is forty or
fifty dollars so it really stays in
there quite a lot just from the fact
that i don't want to mess it up i don't
scratch it up because i know i can't
replace it so i really don't want
anything bad happening to it so most
days i normally am using this it's just
a lil fossil watch moving on we have
just a guitar in the corner it's one of
those endeavors i wanted to try to learn
I just never got around to it yet a
little cheap lighting system it's a
little toilet lamp from walmart moving
on to pretty much the tech related stuff
which is the desk we have my brother
printer it's the i think it's i want to
say to HL 2140 it's not wireless or
anything but since it's hooked up the
apple airport extreme it is down here we
just have bends with random crap while
this birdies through these really
quickly here we have random cables
random cables a couple chargers a mighty
mouse if anyone needs one of these the
wired one let me know i'll i have no
need to it so i'll probably there's i'll
probably just sell to you really cheap
because i have no need for but i'd
rather keep it and just give it away
let's see this is just all my 360 games
there it's a lot of old crap mainly
nothing I really play the only things i
do really play currently is madden 09
and then modern warfare and forza three
which i've actually got started up right
now down here is just my audio been down
here is just cleaning moving over we
just have random stuff that's pretty
much stuff i haven't filed yet rad tech
screensavers omni cleanse a logo and two
stands there's some bodyguard some rap
solder stuff like that in their cases to
review elago stuff in here side cloth in
a pocket and i'm pretty sure that's the
gist of it the moment i haven't really
reached out to a lot of case companies
lately so I don't have not really backed
up on those down here is my cases i use
on a daily basis there's in case stuff
in here the sliders there's the speck
candyshell
both burst in generation of those Sena
wallet skin I was actually really
impressed with that and the in case
power slider which is probably dead
because I never use it over here is the
upcoming giveaways like I said wild
charges in here those ipods in here the
tech in my power or techie on how crap
you say that name down here is the just
random stuff no bow box and to lenovo
laptops that i need to review still and
down here is just random laptop
accessories incase neoprene therma pack
and I skin cell oh this is just up and
actually shipped out and Sierra curve
and the case may which are both going to
touch them apples let's see we have the
xbox 360 nuffin fancies only the 20
gigabyte hard drive and my brand new LCD
HDTV that Katie bought me as a late
birthday early Christmas present we were
walking through best buy the other day
and I said you know that looked really
nice on my desk pretty much jokingly and
we kept walking around the mall for a
while and I started thinking more and
more about a heavy nice to get the 360
out of the living room and Katie told me
to go back and buy it she pay for it I
did not put up an argument so moving on
we have the shirt su 115 headphones I'm
reviewing and its back to sure just an
apple nothing big fancy the airport
extreme it's the dual dual band one it's
like 2.4 805 to just a USB receiver for
the clear chat pc back there in the
corner you see the ones the dsl modem
for AT&T if you guys can get anything
but 18t for internet service i highly
suggest it it's what i'm stuck with
logitec clear chat PC it's a wireless
headset
since the screens are turned on I would
like to demonstrate another thing about
logitech product here we have the de
novo keyboard if you hit ctrl shift
eject many of you know that will turn
the displays off as demonstrating here
control shift eject and you see the
globe's go away the de novo has a
software issue or any hot keys with the
eject button here they don't work i
called logitech IT they said we'll look
into a call you back it's been a couple
weeks having got a call back so moving
on here is the apple cinema display it's
the 24 volt it's the 24 inch they don't
have another one italy it's not a glossy
one yet here is my imac 24 inch i'm
sorry that's shaky and for those of you
questioning well I'd be getting the
27-inch no I will not I don't need
something that big for a computer this
is just my amadio speakers I'm probably
gonna upgrade in a few months on these
once I get a little bit more stable with
my bank accounts since I finally got a
job and have money again back there you
just see the think they're called jlab
yeah the jlab headphones are sent out to
me there the news products they reached
out to me asked if I wanted to review
them so I'm like oh sure why not this is
just a rope for my TV xbox 360 and Apple
universal remote and i think i pretty
much covered everything guys i will do
just to walk around not a quick little
360 of the room here just to make sure i
didn't miss anything got the white book
over there and i'm about to follow or
something bad that little touch on that
don't need to tripod i use and that's
pretty much where we started off so guys
this is nick i will catch you later